feat: Antora assembler (#2489)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/examples/snip_che-supported-languages.adoc

Apache Camel K:: Stack ready to develop Integration projects with Apache Camel K
Apache Camel based on Spring Boot:: Stack with environment ready to develop Integration projects with Apache Camel based on Spring Boot.
Bash:: Stack with environment ready to develop bash scripts.
C/C++:: Stack with C/C++ and Clang 8
ASP.NET Core Web Application:: Stack for developing ASP.NET Core Web Application
Go:: Stack with Go 1.14
Java Lombok:: Java Stack with Lombok 1.18.18, OpenJDK 11 and Maven 3.6.0
Java with Spring Boot and MongoDB:: Java stack with OpenJDK 8, MongoDB and Spring Boot Guestbook demo application

> Java Spring Boot:: Java stack with OpenJDK 11 and Spring Boot Pet clinic demo application

Reviewer: In line with https://spring-petclinic.github.io/ ?
```suggestion
Java Spring Boot:: Java stack with OpenJDK 11 and Spring Boot PetClinic demo application
```

Author: PetClinic will produce a legit vale error. CamelCase is a programmatic way to write Camel Case. Therefore Pet clinic is legit.
